Reporting API - Dictionary reports not Report.body objects (#43195)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/deprecationreport/index.md

    - `anticipatedRemoval` {{Experimental_Inline}}
      - : A {{jsxref("Date")}} object (rendered as a string) representing the date when the feature is expected to be removed from the current browser.
        If the date is not known, this property will return `null`.
        This value can be used to prioritize warnings.
        If this property returns `null` because the date is unknown, then the deprecation should be considered low priority.
    - `message` {{experimental_inline}}
      - : A string containing a human-readable description of the deprecation, including information such as what newer feature has superseded it, if any.
        This typically matches the message a browser will display in its DevTools console when a deprecated feature is used, if one is available.
    - `sourceFile` {{experimental_inline}}
      - : A string containing the path to the source file where the deprecated feature was used, if known, or `null` otherwise.
    - `lineNumber` {{experimental_inline}}
      - : A number representing the line in the source file in which the deprecated feature was used, if known, or `null` otherwise.
    - `columnNumber` {{experimental_inline}}

>       - : A number representing the column in the source file in which the deprecated feature was first used, if known, or `null` otherwise.

Author: Good point.

```suggestion
      - : A number representing the character position in the line of the source file in which the deprecated feature was first used, if known, or `null` otherwise.
```
